and you're absolutely right my Anna
would just sit up a balance between
listening to our readers and our
customers with a feedback and to see is
it something what does that mean we can
change and that's okay to do that but
also you cannot tell the business on
pretending to be someone that you're not
out of steam will come all this engaging
in January so people will not follow you
for that reason so my best advice and
not the easiest one man who are the
perfect example of that he was your guns
and who you are
week as much as in what remains of you
your business right I am who once you
find your boys and you find a tribe that
resonates with it they there now it
doesn't mean I'm always right about
everything or it doesn't mean that
things don't change to make what I said
prior you know tell people look at the
dates on my post for whatever was I
recommended three years ago may not be
the best thing now in one folks come
back to me about what you recommended
this is three years ago come on keep up
so look at the dates on post for things
that are constantly changing and I
reserve the right to change my mind at
any time
ok so don't hold my feet to the fire
over the fact that the industry changes
and pop out and out something new
because that's about to happen I'm about
to release some post that our people are
gonna go but its public service
announcement and I feel like I owe it to
my audience to be transparent this is
who I am I'm not out to hurt anybody
amount to work with people but I protect
my client by client base that's my main
thing and that's my number one
responsibility because ultimately that's
who I answer to not the vendors ok so so
I've got to be true that but but to your
point about forgot what I was just
thinking about those vendors kind of
took it out of me there for a second
2000 taxi being true to yourself so you
know said that taxi service about the
music so they would post what somebody
want you don't know who the client is
but they post whatever videos that the
clients wanting in use send them
whatever you have that meets the
criteria and this was back in the day
when we were coming out of synthesized
music back back into acoustics I can do
that and so I said this guitar recorder
thing in it was just love lives
beautiful and the reviewer for that
genre was just constantly sending it
back you could get their reviews and I
would some of them up in the music
business a long time and I would as well
as they doing after that it's just
somebody's opinion of what they like and
what they don't write but I had years of
being in the business selling stuff to
know about 41 in this one would be
remain he kept kicking it back he said I
love the song great recording blah blah
blah I hate that recorder
dude everybody this is the thing that
makes it you know and I just stuck to my
guns often it in 15 times without making
the change in the 15th time there was
another reviewer I guess they changed it
up or he had a offer he was overloaded I
got to the capital he said this is
perfect but it's so immediately and i
got on the note that this guy kept me
from selling that fourteen times because
of his personal opinion you're going to
do something about this you're killin
people's careers I could have sold it 14
times and so it made while money from it
too and I jumped all over about I mean I
jumped all over them in a dead guy it's
like you kept all of four making one
person's opinion but that's the industry
that Fiat one person can make or break
your director for order whatever that's
the industry so you gotta be able to get
over that but it's far as catching on
you know sticking to your guns I know
all about that in windowless and I hope
some days I don't listen and it comes
back of me but for everybody will say
years ago you know
overnight success kind of thing it looks
like on paper
hardly been rolling that rock up that
mountain for years and now I thought
this spring
just this spring it started rolling down
the other side announced gathering
snowing here we go but I can give it
away when I first started I went out to
people even even one of my even a couple
of years ago I went to my hairdresser
this little strip mall that I do
sites for review of those people I went
to my hairdresser people and I said look
I couldn't give it away I can give them
a huge tits they just don't get it
whether or not said let me put some
money to it for you cuz everybody hears
money for some reason they don't hear
value they hear money and i said im
going to pay you $5 to let me do your
site in one year from now you pay may
all the extra money that you made your
over year and I'm gonna come out ahead
you know and they were like really and
all of a sudden they're interested in
having your site cuz I put a dollar
figure up with some value on it that
they could get because they don't know
how much more foot traffic they're going
to get even though there are three other
businesses in that Plaza that if
cancelled all there are other
advertising because of the sites I did
for them so if you're pushing that rock
up a hill there were days I went seven
to midnight seven days a week in there
were days I was fraud and i said im
gonna go car for a while I just need a
break I'm gonna go walk in nature do
something because I was fraud there were
times i SAT there and said why am I
doing this I'm not getting anywhere and
I just took a break in the knockout
revitalized I came back to it in it it's
not like you're gonna do it overnight
there was there was a I don't even know
if podcast is still their blog cast FeO
back in the day their very first podcast
like their first 30 podcast 450 podcast
after that they changed radically but
what interview these people and everyone
of them there was a theme you could hear
it
three to five years it took them to take
off I think you know me I mean cuz we
got a lot of you know me people people
you're with you to me I don't think it
takes that long if you have some
marketing seventy you get going to get a
good course and you go out and help
promote it to trip there are wires to
help you promote it even more but I'm
here to say up in doing this what
fifteen years and all equipment day job
a year and a half ago almost two years
ago sorry but thank you so much for
taking the time to be with us
thanks mark I think tonight website here
where you can find this later on I'll
have to replay their will make sure that
we get show notes and references to get
there for you everybody for joining us
there's been a ton of information
getting a chance to speak with me and
everybody enjoyed it
in which everybody say so long for now
thanks for coming here it's all about
the interaction so have a great day
everybody all riding